---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E4
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2022-04-03
labels:
  - experience
---

My programming skills have greatly improved in the following ways:
I know how to use arrays and put them into my code which is really convenient that I can just change it without worrying about changing the code. I also have a better understanding that how the server works, and the relationship between the server and HTML. I also learned how to use function widely in my code to help me to display. Moreover, just in general by reading the code I know what does that code mean and what does it do to the website.

I need to work on the following to improve my programming skills:
I need to try more, crate my own code rather than use my old code or copy the code from somewhere else. Before I start Assignment1, I thought it is not hard since I did all the WODs and understand all the lab, and all I need to do is just put them together. But I was wrong, I require more than what I have done, I cannot just copy and paste the code into the new html and generate them. It requires more detail and keep trying. 
I also need to read more about query string. I was having trouble on generate the invoice. And I went to Professor Port for help, he helped me and explain to me how query string work which is really important that helps to generate the invoice.

I have learned a lot from doing WODs and I can do them without copying the screencast:
I agree. It really helps me to understand how “for loop” and “if” work by doing WODs. It does take lots of extra time without the screencast but it helps me develop my own way of making the code that I can understand better rather than just copying from the screencast. Because I'm building the code step by step, it clears my mind and gives me a better understanding of how to construct it. But I think we should have more WODs on the server side and client side before Assignment1. We only have one lab and no WODs related to server side and server side before Assignment1 especially it is a really important step in this Assignment. I wish we have more practice on this before we put everything together.

The labs have to help me learn and I am able to complete them with confidence:
I agree. With the lab exercise, it's a great example that I can use in my WODs and Assignment1. It could also be useful as a reference when I am unsure about something because I can refer back to the lab questions. For example, I use the Lab12 extra credit in my Assignment1 for the if (isNonNegInt), it allows me to build base on that code. There are also lots of similar steps in Lab12 that it is helpful when I am doing Assignment1.
Also, answering questions in the lab helps me memorize the information because I have to listen and type, similar to taking notes. 

I learned a lot from my experience doing Assignment 1 and feel ready to work on Assignment 2:
My experience with Assignment 1 taught me a lot, especially on the server side. I know what I'm going to put on the server. For instance, I can generate my invoice on the server and display the error (quantity error, quantity available error) on my product display page. I'm still not sure if I'm ready for Assignment 2 because we just started the file I/O lab. I wish I could get more practice in this lab. But, unlike Assignment 1, I will approach this assignment in a different way. I'll start early and try to write code on my own, or I'll seek assistance from Professor Port if I get stuck.

I think the class can be improved to help my learning in the following ways:
Give us more examples of previous students' work, such as WODs or assignments, and point out any mistakes they made, as well as code that we can use as a reference. It will give us some ideas on where to begin and what blunders to avoid.

What helps me the most in class are (WODs, Labs, class website, screencasts, readings, quizzes, one on one help, working with classmates, etc.
I think is WODs and Labs. WODs allow me to try myself with small and relevant code we learned.  I can build but the WODs little by little and learn from it. It doesn’t take that much time as well, so even thought I get stuck on, I still have time to figure out. I go to Labs to find references and example whenever I am stuck on WODs or Assignment1. It told us what to do step by step with similar example of our homework. 
