---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E1 My experience with WOD
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2022-01-30
labels:
  - interest
---

**BrowserHistory1**
I watched the video before I start on my own. I think it is better to do this way because I will have some ideas in mind what is coming, and how difficult it is. I rewatched the videos 2 times before I start, the first time just an overview. The second time I stop at every steps and make sure I understand how it works, and know what does it mean in every steps. After that I started my own try, it is easier than I imagine. But sometimes I still need to go back to the videos to make sure I am doing the right things.

**BrowserHistory2**
I think it is easier than browser history1 because I am more familiar with the html code like <h1></h1> or <body></body>… I tried it on my own after reading the instructions. It was easy for the first 2 steps, then I got stuck. I googled it online see if I can find something that might be helpful, I tried again and still get stuck on the CSS margins. Then I watched the videos to get some help, found out something wrong with my formate. After that I kinda figure out the CSS little by little. 

**BrowserHistory3**
I personally think it is the hardest. I tried to do it myself after reading the instruction. I searched up something about the CSS heading formate, margins, heading style… I tried everything but still cannot figure it out. I decided to just watch videos and follow the steps. Then I find out I didn’t give identifiers in my html. So no matter what I type in CSS, nothing is going to change. After I followed the videos and finished BrowserHistory3, I walk through the steps by myself make sure I understand what I did.

**My suggestions for WODs**
Read the instructions and see if you understand, try on yourself first. Search up on google if you are struggling with the code. Then try the code you think might work. If it still doesn’t work then go to the videos and look for hint. I personally think searching up yourself before watching the videos is better because we will have something in mind that what is not working and what is. I also learned a lot when I do the research.

**Invoice1**
https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/060.expressions-operators/experience-preparing-for-WOD.html
Fot this WODs, I need to create a invoice with 5 products information. It needs to include the product name, price, quantity, total price, tax, and the total price. The invoice come out as a table form, so I need to create the tabel formate as well.
First, I set up the variables along with all the product information. This step is easy but I still need to be careful with the calculation. For example, tax and subtotal. I need to makesure that the subtotal is include with the sales tax before the I calcualte the grand total. For the table formate, I just used the source page and copy and paste it in to my VS code which is really convenient. 
I stumbled on the table row information. I couldn't make my table dynamic. I checked every variables and make sure that my formate is right and didn't miss any ";" or "()". I watched the screencast and followed all the steps that Professor Port did, I still couldn't figure out. Then I emailed Tina for help. She gave me some hint that I didn't excute all my variables. I went back to my VS code after that and it works well now!
For this WODs, I still read the instructions and and take note on where I might be stuck on before I started like the other WODs. Then I watched the screencast to get some hints on the things I am not familar with (which is after step 8). What I did differently from the WODs then before is I use inspect elements on my html to find out my errors, it is really helpful! It also helps me to learn how to fix the errors by myself instead of just watching the screencast.
For the next WOD, I think I should review my Labs work before I started. Becasue I found out I always forget little things and cause syntax error which Professor Port has memtioned in class. Also, Labs can give me an overview of what I learned and did in class that I should be aware of when I doing the WODs.


