---

layout: essay

type: essay

title: ASS3 checkpoint

# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!

date: 2022-05-05

labels:

  - Experience

---
	
	1.	Show what each page will look like. The pages do not have to be “functional” but the design should clear.  
	"https://hingchikwong.github.io/images/slide1.jpg"

	2.	Describe your design for your site’s shopping cart. That is, will it be a separate page that the user can view and edit, or will it be integrated into the product pages? If so, describe in detail how this will work on your site. Provide several examples of using the cart.
	It will be a separate cart.html where you can click it on the top navigation bar anywhere on the page. For examples, you are on the products page and you added one product into cart, it will jump to cart with your selected products after you click “add to cart” on the products page. Since the navigation bar will stay on every page, you can go look at other pages like “about us” then come back to product page to add more products before check out. The Check out button is on the shopping cart page.


	3.	Explain specifically how you will use sessions to manage your shopping cart. In particular, what shopping cart data will be stored in the session, what data format will be used (NOT what data type, but the format like with the data format used for your registration data). Use code examples showing what data structures (such as arrays and their objects) you will use to manage the shopping cart data and how they will be used in a session.
	I use load.JSON to generate my products into the cart. 
	I have both load.JSON on my products_display.html and cart.html.
	Example code:
	var products_data;
	load.JSON (‘get_products_data’, function (response) {
	products_data = JSON.parse (response);
	});
	var cart_data;
	load.JSON (‘get_cart’, function (response) {
	cart_data = JSON.parse (response);
	});
 

	4.	How will you avoid access to your application when the user has not logged in or registered? What are the particular security concerns you must address?
	The page won’t show the shopping cart items they selected unless they login/register. The security concerns I had is allowing multiple user login to the page without accessing other people’s selected products.


	5.	Upon a successful login, how do you provide personalization in your UI? Explain how you did or will do this (paste code if necessary)
	It will show their name on the navigation bar. For example: hi, Ivy!


	6.	If you are working with partners, how will you split up the work in your team so that you are working in parallel as effectively as possible? That is, who is doing what and when?
	I am working alone


	7.	How are you approaching Assignment 3 differently than Assignment 2?
	Ass 3 doesn’t need that much code. I need to think and design my page more simpler which load.JSON and sessions are really helpful. Assignment3 also require a better UI design since there are multiple pages on the website, it will be hard for users to enjoy if the page is not well designed. I also need to consider more security problem on the website.