---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Evaluation Guidelines and Class Retrospective BLOG
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2022-05-013
labels:
  - Evaluation
  - Experience
---

1.Briefly describe your system (e.g. A store selling Pokemon game cards)<br>
A store selling dog supply, includes Food, Shampoo and Greenie.

Any notable shortcomings, bugs, problems, or additional features not implemented?<br>
Yes, the cart can be checked out with no items selected and would send an empty invioce. The instock quantity also didn't change after the the user purchase. There is also no logout option.

Describe what you are most proud of about your system:<br>
I like how I put the store logo on the navagation bar, will lead you to the home page when you click it. It is always there on any page. And I think my website looks cute, it also have my puppies picture under "about us".

Describe what you are least happy with your system:<br>
My webpage design is not the best. Also the user need to login again after they sucessfully register their data. 

How was developing this assignment different than assignment #2?<br>
I really need to understand and make use of session and cookies. It is still hard for me to use it on my server but it does save lots of unesscary codes compares to Ass2.

When you ran into a problem, what did you do to address it?<br>
I will first search online to find solution. If I cannot find anything relative, I will go to the class lab or the example code from assignment. If i still cannot figure out, I usually ask Professor Port for help.

Describe what worked well in doing this assignment?<br>
It is really important to make use of session and cookies. But for me, I often stuck with webpage paths like "where should the user go after they login...? where should the code and post request be?" So drawing mindmap is really useful for me, it can help me to clear my paths and also save lots of time to write unecesscary code.

Describe what did not work well in doing this assignment?<br>
I always think I am so close and can figure out the code, so I just keep wasting my time and being stubborn to just trying to fix one problem. It happened that I spend few days to just trying to get one function works. Then I finally just give up and get over it and find something I can do first. So what I learned is don't waste time on one code or problem, if you tried few times and still cannot figure out then means you should move on and just come back at it.

What did you learn from doing this assignment?<br>
I learned how to use session and cookies to store my data in there and request it to generate on other pages.I also learned how to design a better page on the user point of view. 

If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you change?<br>
I will start with a mindmap or even a draw the layout and paths of my website. I found out lot of problems at the end such as user can checkout without login. I should think of the webpage design really well and know what works the best for the users.

Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging<br>
a)I use 30% to think about how to do something
b)I spend 50% to write code
c)I spend 20% to testing and debugging

Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself) and explain briefly your rationale for the percentage breakdown. Be sure to include an overview of what specifically you and your partners contributed (e.g. “I worked on the security and my partner 1 worked on personalization”)<br>
I work on myself 100%.